March 23 Meeting Minutes

- We receieved feedback from our TA about deliverable 2
- Shray will do favourite buildings, Parham can use this code 
- Shray is also working on the front-end
- There is some confusion about the structure of the code
- Parham is unfamiliar with the way in which Ishwant connected to the database
- Unfortunately, Ishwant isn't here.
- Let's make the naming scheme so it includes the building name, this would make it easier
- We can do building_id for this
- We are having trouble with the Google Maps API
- We're probably going to have to scrap it
- React was too hard to learn but we scrapped that too.
- Parham using fading techniques on the frontend.
- We need to add more information to the database, right now there is only max 1-2 rows in the database.
- 