# TEAM AWESOME

## Iteration 3

 * Start date: March 16 2017
 * End date: March 23 2017

## Process

#### Changes from previous iteration

* Creation of documentation
In our last iteration, we neglected to delegate the task of creation of documentation. Angela volunteered to fulfill this role. Thus, we had to change Angela's role from soley backend role to a backend/documentation role, and move some of her backend duties to Ishwant. We had to move some of her backend duties to Ishwant because we realized
documentation is significant time commitment and also that documentation
is worth a considerable portion of our mark. Also, the other group
members will add to the plan and review documents as they see fit.

We will use our mark on the plan and review documents as a success metric.


#### Roles & responsibilities

**Team Leader / Scrum Master:** Jaleel GrantÂ 

* Ensures that deadlines are met are responsibilities fulfilled. Reminds group of meetings, expectations etc.

**Documentation:** Angela Ruiz

* Oversees creation and editing of Iteration documents. Other members are encouraged to add
to the documents but Angela will oversee the document creation process.

**Backend:** Ishawant Sodhi, Angela Ruiz, Jaleel Grant

* For this period, they will be concerned with the routing of the backend. This includes connections to APIs, additional creation of routes as functionality becomes needed, as well as the completion and delivering of the backend to the front-end team.

**Full Stack:** Shray Sharma, Parham Taher

* Assists with all sections, completing prescribed tasks and ensuring that all areas of the project are nearing being completed as expected.

**Database:** Jaleel Grant

* For this stage, providing the database inserts and connections as well as hosting the group's database on a site such as Heroku. This will ensure that the database is accessible and easy to connect to for further use in the front-end and backend.  

**Front-end and Visuals:** Bence Linder, Shray Sharma, Parham Taher

* Creation and maintenance of the visual aspects of the application. This includes the development of the required HTML and CSS files as well as the creation of deliverable three's demo video and presentation.

Throughout this phase roles have only seen slight changes but the main outline for activities and responsibilities remains the same for group members. The major change in this phase was the inclusion of a prescribed documenter.


#### Events

Tutorial Meetings

 * In-person, Thursday March 16, 2017 and Thursday March 23, 2017
 * The purpose of these meetings is to make major decisions
 and discuss the progress of the applications. Here, group members are brought up to speed and allowed to gain insight into the other aspects of the application and the progress towards completion.

Coding Meetings
 * We held an in-person coding sprint on Monday March 20, 2017 from 2:00 PM to 9:00 PM
 * All group members attended the coding sprint.
 * The purpose of this meeting was to make coding decisions and
 implement them as quickly as possible.
 * It was decided that a map plugin and access to the Google API
 is needed.
 * It also decided that need building information added to a
 database.
 * It was decided what will be sent through ajax requests.

 * We held another coding meeting on Tuesday March 21 at 2:30 PM.
 * Jaleel, Ishwant and Angela attended this meeting
 * Backend tasks were assigned and some basic coding began. The major takeaway from this meeting-like sprint was the assigning of tasks for the subgroup. This determined which members were responsible for the development of specific routes.

Online Video Chats
 * We held Facebook video chat at 10:00 PM on March 21, 2017
 * Angela, Jaleel, Ishwant and Parham attended the video chat
 * Backend tasks were finalized, Angela was expected to finish
 the documentation by end of March 21, 2017.

Facebook Messenger Group Chat
 * We speak to each other regularly through Facebook Messenger
 * The purpose of this is to discuss progress and to schedule meetings, sprints and other online video chats and discussions.


#### Artifacts

* Meeting minutes are kept for every meeting.
We review the meeting minutes from the previous meeting before
each new meeting to reorient ourselves with what needs to be done. The minutes can be viewed [here](artifacts/).

#### Git / GitHub workflow

* Each of our team members has their own branch forked from the
master repo.
* Pull requests are made between the private repo of each member
and Ishwant's codebase.
* Ishwant oversees the pull requests.
* Ishwant reviews each pull request before he accepts it.
* By delegating the pull requests management to Ishwant, we have successfully
avoided conflicts.
* Changes to documentation are committed directly to the master repo.
* Due to the frequency of use group members have become more comfortable with the use of this system and conflicts have significantly decreased.


## Product

#### Goals and tasks

 * Goal: Google Maps integration
 	- We will have to understand the Google Maps API to understand how to integrate this with our application
 * Finish the front-end HTML/CSS/JS
 	- Parham has planned to create a React template
 * Populate the database
 	- This will be a joint group effort
 * Complete the [video]() for submission.
 * Create connections from the front-end to the backend.

#### Artifacts

List/describe the artifacts you will produce in order to present your project idea.

 * We will produce meeting [minutes](artifacts/) for each meeting
 	- These will be reviewed before starting each new meeting to remind the group members of the current project state and current project issues.
* The [demo video]() will be created by reviewing and improving the last iteration's video taking TA advice into consideration. 
